docs: Add sklearnex spmd documentation (#2008)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: doc/sources/distributed-mode.rst

Several `GPU-supported algorithms <https://intel.github.io/scikit-learn-intelex/latest/oneapi-gpu.html#>`_ 
also provide distributed, multi-GPU computing capabilities via integration with ``mpi4py``. The prerequisites 
match those of GPU computing, along with an MPI backend of your choice (`Intel MPI recommended 
<https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/oneapi/mpi-library.html#gs.dcan6r>`_, available 
via ``impi-devel`` python package) and the ``mpi4py`` python package. If using |intelex| 
`installed from sources <https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex/blob/main/INSTALL.md#build-from-sources>`_,
ensure that the spmd_backend is built.

Estimators can be imported from the ``sklearnex.spmd`` module. Data should be distributed across multiple nodes as 
desired, and should be transfered to a dpctl or dpnp array before being passed to the estimator. View a full 
example of this process in the |intelex| repository, where many examples of our SPMD-supported estimators are 
available: https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex/blob/main/examples/sklearnex/. To run:

::

  mpirun -n 4 python linear_regression_spmd.py

> Note that additional mpirun arguments can be added as desired. SPMD-supported estimators are listed below 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that additional mpirun arguments can be added as desired. SPMD-supported estimators are listed in the
```
